# Installation

You can install this bundle in TextMate by opening the preferences and going to the bundles tab. After installation it will be automatically updated for you.

# General

* [Bundle Styleguide](http://kb.textmate.org/bundle_styleguide) — _before you make changes_
* [Commit Styleguide](http://kb.textmate.org/commit_styleguide) — _before you send a pull request_
* [Writing Bug Reports](http://kb.textmate.org/writing_bug_reports) — _before you report an issue_

# License

Grammar taken and adapted from [language-etc](https://github.com/Alhadis/language-etc/blob/master/grammars/m4.cson):

	Copyright (c) 2018-2022, John Gardner
	
	Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
	purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
	copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
	
	THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
	WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
	MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
	ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
	WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
	ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
	OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.


If not otherwise specified (see below), files in this repository fall under the following license:

	Permission to copy, use, modify, sell and distribute this
	software is granted. This software is provided "as is" without
	express or implied warranty, and with no claim as to its
	suitability for any purpose.

An exception is made for files in readable text which contain their own license information, or files where an accompanying file exists (in the same directory) with a “-license” suffix added to the base-name name of the original file, and an extension of txt, html, or similar. For example “tidy” is accompanied by “tidy-license.txt”.